later that afternoon something very
unexpected happens as visitors from
across the bay start arriving mothers
and calves from at least three different
families for gathering to meet salmon
[Music]
just--how the news of the birth traveled
so far and how only the mums with their
cars know where to come is unknown
[Music]
but just as the BG's family seemed to
welcome Parkin sama the bays other mums
seem to want to do the same it's Sam
who's first chance to meet other baby
cars but young females also for drawn to
the gathering fascinated by newborns
he's one of the mums often try to lure
them away to play
with so many dolphins all milling
together it's a challenge for park to
keep track of salmon
he is extremely sensitive to motion
it's how he knows how to follow his mum
until he's learned her cool there's a
risk Sammy will chase any fast-moving
dolphin that comes close for mischievous
young female deliberately rushes past
sama
knowing the newborn will instinctively
follow she's trying to take salmon puck
is having none of it
it's the only time female dolphins ever
show aggression towards each other
rushing past sama is the only way puck
can retrieve him
[Music]
the young female meant no harm to summer
but puck isn't taking any more chances
and lead him away to safety the sooner
Sammy learns her cool the better
you